well let's get back to the Emmys because
real life is too depressing every year
moments after the stars walk off the
Emmy stage they sit for a one-on-one
with our own Star reporter none other
than Guillermo who interviewed the
winner oh my goodness
how long Geir MO congratulations on your
Emmy thank you my friend
would you like to have a drink buddy I
told you I'm married okay
will you like something to eat what do
you got look so look
yes yeah this body doesn't have a lot of
sugar in it but okay do we put it around
each other yeah there we go
and then we take a bi and there's a lot
of eye contact while we eat this
together if you want yes okay ready I
love you so much
thanks for the jewelry oh you're welcome
this is your second Emmy right it is my
second Emmy well you like to donate your
Emmy to to a very worthy cause this is
for flipper he never won an Emmy and he
was very famous sure all right
put it it's gonna be heavy are you ready
yeah put it right there
there you go flipper thank you so
flipper cannot talk will you like to
give a speech
pretend you're a flipper sure that's a
great pitch you didn't know I spoke
dolphin no surprise surprise Wow now I
understand why you have two Emmys that's
why
he was on M&Ms did you make a Emmie pun
there yeah that was good yeah you gotta
catch it okay I'll fight you Mitch you
got I got three I got four if at it I
gotta lose five of them fine way good
job like a girl mouth yeah so that I
doesn't win an Emmy and eat some M&Ms
with ya okay do you want to ask me any
question how did you become so funny
like where was it when did it start you
know Lady Gaga's sing us a song say I
was born this way all right you hold one
corner and you take a boy and go on yeah
I'm not gonna do that
yeah I tell you what hungry I'm hungry
buddy I'm not eating bread these days
I'm off I'm off carbs these oh you are
yeah or you want a vegetable sure I have
a vegetable I've got a I've got a
cucumber too bad so bill what do you
have to say to the haters you know lay
off no I mean like your family oh the
haters they don't really talk that much
anymore man no can we call them you know
so listen there's no horse in the in the
shore days yeah in the Emmys I don't
have no horse yeah no but I want to host
the show yeah I wrote some jokes okay
and you tell me if they're good jokes or
no okay so bad all right we're sorry
Thanks how is Bill Hader feeling tonight
how am I feeling tonight very happy very
happy you get you man
you must be tired right see you Peter
hurt Mike all my feet yeah you know what
my feet do hurt a little bit women's
platforms one platform oh I have yeah
one time yeah I know how you feel is
terrible but look how do you sleeper for
you
stop yes the calm okay I'll help you
yeah like Cinderella okay good nice
right thank you darling
it's very mysterious yes hi how are you
how are you care about doing great
congratulation winning an Emmy thank you
what does you MEA smell like what is my
smell like gold
well you'd like to have a drink with me
I would love to have a drink with you
alright cool okay
I hope you like to kill it sure all
right whoo that's Barry rule you didn't
wait for me no I know but you didn't you
didn't pour yourself did you sorry all
right cheers Cheers
how's your evening been so far better
now that I'm drinking and talking to you
okay hey you hungry are you okay I'll
have an ice cream here what oh thank you
this is so great yeah
chewy oh oh wait today are you hungry
I'm a bit peckish yeah well you look I
got some through celery here no thanks
but but you have to use you Amy to grab
the fruit okay yeah you said yes yes
anything you want specific oh yeah you
want it whatever it's easy for you some
you want some yeah sure
we nailed that what is this lose oh no
it's just to kill up I'm gonna end up
very naked and in your bed oh my god be
awesome okay cheers baby cheers baby
wing work do you like tequila Cheers
thank you mmm good right oh my god that
is exactly what I needed I'm planning to
get drunk tonight can i crush a new
couch tonight
[Laughter]
any regrets this interview
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment